Ability to set server PORT number via keystone config (#4669)
keystonejs/keystone: .changeset/loud-singers-check.md

---
'@keystone-next/keystone': minor
'@keystone-next/types': minor
---

> Ability to set server port number via keystone config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added the ability to set the server port number via `config.server.port`.
```
